Modifications for generator unification (#491)
firesim/firesim: CHANGELOG.md

This changelog follows the format defined here: https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## [1.8.1] - In Progress

### Added
* Pre-packaged AGFI for Gemmini NN accelerator

### Changed
* Unification of Configs/Tops between Chipyard and FireSim. Arbitrary Chipyard designs can be imported into FireSim

>   * Users can define a FireSim version of a Chipyard config by specifying WithFireSimDefaultBridges, WithFireSimDefaultMemModel, and WithFireSimConfigTweaks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Users can define a FireSim version of a Chipyard config by building a TARGET_CONFIG that specifies WithFireSimDefaultBridges, WithFireSimDefaultMemModel, and WithFireSimConfigTweaks
```

  * FireSimHarness moved to FireChip. Harness now uses Chipyard's BuildTop key to control which Top to build

>   * AGFI naming scheme changed. FireSim -> chipyard-rocket, FireBoom -> chipyard-boom

Reviewer: this line needs to be updated

* BridgeBinders field now replaced with generalized chipyard.IOBinders field.

### Deprecated
* FireSimNoNIC design option removed, replaced with chipyard.Top

>   * Designs can specify inclusion/exclusion of NIC by setting icenet.NICKey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Designs can specify inclusion/exclusion of NIC by setting icenet.NICKey, i.e. in TARGET_CONFIG
```
